README.md, before:

# ♥️ ♣️ _High Hand Hold'em™_ Support ♦️ ♠️

![High Hand Hold'em logo](./images/HHH256.png)

[![Version badge (currently 0.7.0)](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.7.0-blue.svg)](./CHANGELOG.md)
[![MIT License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)

_© 2017-2026 Derploid® Entertainment, LLC._

Welcome! This repository contains supporting resources for our mobile card game, _High Hand Hold'em™_. See sections below for more info.

## Feedback and Support

Select the `Issues` tab above to report a bug, suggest a feature, or ask a general question about our mobile game, _High Hand Hold'em™_.
Please take some time to search for existing Issues before you open a new bug report or feature request, to reduce the amount of duplicates in our backlog. You can like and comment on existing issues to show your interest in them, and help us prioritize bugs/features for future updates.

> [!WARNING]
> All issues and comments in this repository are public, so _do not_ provide any personally identifiable information such as your IP address, physical address, device identifier, etc. If a Derploid developer needs this information to help troubleshoot an issue, he or she will ask you to email it to [hhh-support@derploid.com](mailto:hhh-support@derploid.com). You can also contact that email directly, but you will usually get a response faster if you create an issue.

Thank you for helping us build a better _High Hand Hold'em™_! 🙏 🤜🤛

## Changelog

All notable changes to _High Hand Hold'em™_ are documented in [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md).

## Legal Stuff

Your use of _High Hand Hold'em™_ is licensed under the following [terms and conditions](https://hhh-legal-docs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/hhh-terms.html). All files in this repository are licensed under the super-permissive [MIT license](./LICENSE).

"Derploid" is a registered trademark of Derploid Entertainment, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

Commit message:

Add a Data Privacy section to Readme
Signed-off-by: Dan Vicarel <dan.vicarel@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# ♥️ ♣️ _High Hand Hold'em™_ Support ♦️ ♠️

![High Hand Hold'em logo](./images/HHH256.png)

[![Version badge (currently 0.7.0)](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.7.0-blue.svg)](./CHANGELOG.md)
[![MIT License Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)

_© 2017-2026 Derploid® Entertainment, LLC._

Welcome! This repository contains supporting resources for our mobile card game, _High Hand Hold'em™_. See sections below for more info.

## Feedback and Support

Select the `Issues` tab above to report a bug, suggest a feature, or ask a general question about our mobile game, _High Hand Hold'em™_.
Please take some time to search for existing Issues before you open a new bug report or feature request, to reduce the amount of duplicates in our backlog. You can like and comment on existing issues to show your interest in them, and help us prioritize bugs/features for future updates.

> [!WARNING]
> All issues and comments in this repository are public, so _do not_ provide any personally identifiable information such as your IP address, physical address, device identifier, etc. If a Derploid developer needs this information to help troubleshoot an issue, he or she will ask you to email it to [hhh-support@derploid.com](mailto:hhh-support@derploid.com). You can also contact that email directly, but you will usually get a response faster if you create an issue.

Thank you for helping us build a better _High Hand Hold'em™_! 🙏 🤜🤛

## Data Privacy

_High Hand Hold'em_ can be played completely anonymously.
However, our service partners do collect some personal data from your device for the purposes of diagnostics, analytics, and advertising.
See our [privacy policy](https://hhh-legal-docs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/hhh-privacy.html) for full details.

If you wish to request access to or deletion of any of your personal data, please take the following steps:

- **Unity Analytics**: To request deletion of all private data collected about you by our analytics partner, Unity Analytics, go to the game's Main Menu,
  then "Options > Data Privacy" and tap "Request analytics data deletion".
  To request access to that data, please send us an email at [hhh-support@derploid.com](mailto:hhh-support@derploid.com).
- **Unity Cloud**: To request access to or deletion of all private data collected about you by our diagnostics partner, Unity Cloud,
  please send an email to [dpo@unity3d.com](mailto:dpo@unity3d.com).
- **Appodeal**: To request access to or deletion of all private data collected about you by our ad mediation partner, Appodeal,
  please send an email to [legal@appodeal.com](mailto:legal@appodeal.com).
  For instructions on private data collected by Appodeal's service partners (e.g., ad networks),
  see their [Privacy Policy](https://appodeal.com/privacy-policy) and [Partners Privacy Policies](https://appodeal.com/partners-privacy-policies).

## Changelog

All notable changes to _High Hand Hold'em™_ are documented in [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md).

## Legal Stuff

Your use of _High Hand Hold'em™_ is licensed under the following [terms and conditions](https://hhh-legal-docs.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/hhh-terms.html). All files in this repository are licensed under the super-permissive [MIT license](./LICENSE).

"Derploid" is a registered trademark of Derploid Entertainment, LLC registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
